fix: allow purge-on-delete with mdapi dirs (#1069)
salesforcecli/plugin-deploy-retrieve: messages/deploy.metadata.md

      <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --metadata ApexClass --test-level RunLocalTests

> - Deploy all "metadata formatted" metadata in the "MDAPI" directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy all metadata formatted files in the "MDAPI" directory:
```

      <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --metadata-dir MDAPI

> - Deploy all "metadata formatted" metadata in the "MDAPI" directory while hard deleting any items listed in MDAPI/destructiveChangesPre.xml or MDAPI/destructiveChangesPost.xml manifests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy all metadata formatted file in the "MDAPI" directory; items listed in the MDAPI/destructiveChangesPre.xml and MDAPI/destructiveChangesPost.xml manifests are immediately eligible for deletion rather than stored in the Recycle Bin:
```

Reviewer: @WillieRuemmele , I decided to spell out what "hard delete" means.
